The Ranger Challenge competition boils
down to leadership development
Give 100 percent, watch your body
drink, eat, keep that engine going all day long
It's a competition between 40 individual Ranger Challenge Teams
from Universities all across the East Coast
At this competition you're ruck marching with about
a thirty-pound pack on your back
We run about 14 miles over
the course this competition
So basically over the two days is more
than a
half marathon, completing 10 totally
different stations that they've had to train for
Everybody thinks, right? Everybody's
involved, don't just wait for him to tell you, you know what to do
So we left the start point, we were so confident and so motivated
Unfortunately I think that excitement took us a little too far and we ended up missing
a very important turn in our route
We had made a major error
We were exhausted, because at that point we had rucked about 12 miles
and we hadn't even made it to our first event
(Hey, it's movement or it's over. Yep)
We just couldn't dwell
on the past
and had to focus on our next event and
and carry on
UVA has a lot of inherent advantages
in terms and mental agility and just general leadership
so we knew that we weren't out of the fight
What we set out to do was quit using hardball rodes
bust through the woods for ultimately
a better time
Everybody can be strong
Everybody can hit the gym, can do the push-ups
they can lift the weights like we do
What sets us apart from other teams is
our mental strength
The crazy thing is, we didn't have the slowest course time. We did those
extra miles so fast and so hard
that we beat the heck outta people
We were not only able to recognize the
mistakes but we were able to improve from there
even when we were extremely tired and
physically wrecked
It didn't even really run through our minds that we weren't gonna win first place
We still wanted to win first place and we were going to try our best throughout the end
As soon as the competition ended I got hungry for next year